W-14038153 usage reports (#206)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/usage-reports-tasks.adoc

// tag::accessUsageReports[]

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Usage Viewer permission in your root organization.

Reviewer: Here you say "in" rather than "over".

Reviewer 2: Changed to "for"

. In the Anypoint Platform navigation bar, click the business group selector, and ensure you are at the root organization level.

> . You can access usage reports either by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To access usage reports, either:
```

> * Clicking your username icon and then clicking *Usage*, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click your username icon and then click *Usage*.
```

> * Selecting *Usage* in the Anypoint Platform navigation menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select *Usage* in the Anypoint Platform navigation menu.
```

> . Select the product for which you want to view a usage report. 

Reviewer: "for which"

Reviewer 2: @hannanelson  Select the product to view the usage report for.

?

+
If you don't see the product listed, click *Switch View*. 
+
. If applicable, click *Monthly Usage Report* or *Daily Usage Report*. 
+

> API Manager and API governance don't have daily usage reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Manager and API Governance don't have daily usage reports.
```

> . Select the month or day of the usage report you want to view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the month or day of the usage report to view. 
```

+
Only dates that Anypoint Platform collected data for the selected product are available.
+

> The usage report appears, displaying an assortment of usage metrics, which xref:usage-metrics.adoc[depend on the product you selected]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage report shows metrics based on the xref:usage-metrics.adoc[selected product]. 
```

// end::accessUsageReports[]

//EDITORS: NO NEED TO REVIEW THE REST OF THIS FILE (THESE AREN'T BEING USED)

> // tag::accessUsageReportsLegacy[]

Reviewer: This one is used, tho.

Reviewer 2: It's not being used in what's going to be published. This is another include within an include and the include it's used in isn't being used. At least not that portion of the file.

> . Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the Usage Viewer permission over your root organization.

Reviewer: "over" or "for"?

Reviewer 2: Not being used.
